Update all samples (#764)
Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples: README.md

[![CodeQL](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml) [![CI](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples/actions/workflows/ci.yml) [![Markdown Links Check](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples/actions/workflows/markdown-link-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples/actions/workflows/markdown-link-check.yml)

# Spring Cloud Azure Samples

- The repository hold samples about
  using [Spring Cloud Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/java/spring-framework/)
  libraries.
- The **main** branch is using the latest stable version of Spring Cloud Azure. If you want to find
  sample about specific version of Spring Cloud Azure, please switch to corresponding tag in this
  repository.

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> We removed the parent pom, so you can directly run each sample without opening the whole projects.

> > We removed all samples for Spring Cloud Azure 4.x from main branch, so if you still want to try, please use [Spring-Cloud-Azure-4.19.0](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples/tree/Spring-Cloud-Azure-4.19.0) branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We removed all samples for Spring Boot 2.x (compatible with Spring Cloud Azure 4.x) from main branch. If you still want to try, please use [Spring-Cloud-Azure-4.19.0](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-spring-boot-samples/tree/Spring-Cloud-Azure-4.19.0) branch.
```

Reviewer: Please change the branch name too.
